today i am going to explain a mystery romance
film called killing me softly spoilers ahead
watch out and take care as a group of mountaineers
climbs a snowy cliff a woman describes how the
brain dies from a lack of oxygen once a person
reaches a certain altitude the brain just shuts
down and the body goes along with it the woman
says she can't stop thinking about what it must
have been like and the person she's talking to
asked her to start from the beginning so she tells
him her whole story an american woman named alice
describes her life in london with her boyfriend
jack ali says she grew up on the plains in indiana
and that she's always been a flat lander she had
already been staying in london for a year and
a half and the first six months have been heard
on her but the changed upon meeting jack alice
is a cd rooms and website designer while jack
is an engineer one day alice is about to cross the
street when she encounters a charming stranger she
is completely enthralled by him as they cross and
his very presence distracts her even after they
parted aways alice starts hitting inside her
office but she takes another look at him and sees
him entering bookstore after being continually
distracted and unsettled at work she finally head
out peeking inside the bookstore she sees that
the man is waiting in the line with his friend
he looks at her embarrassing her so she steps back
and hides when she is finally about to go inside
alice finds herself face to face with the man with
only the glass separating them she accepted the
strangers offered to get inside a cab with him
inside the car the sensual tension between them
hangs heavy in the air after the man takes elise
home he grabs her from behind and starts kissing
her alice then kisses him back and it isn't
long before they make torrid and passionate
love once they are done ali stresses and turns
away embarrassed and perhaps even regretful after
softly asking her to face him the stranger helps
her put on an agreement maintaining a gentle tone
he invites her to come back to his house again but
alice keeps insisting that she can't in the end
the he assures her that she can come over whenever
she wants and that he will be there when she does
that night alice makes love with jack but it feels
different and not nearly as thrilling as it did
when she slept with the stranger the following
day alice passes by the bookstore with the hopes
of seeing the stranger again instead she sees
a poster of him along with his book there she
learns that the man is adam chalis a mountain
climber who saved six people with no accident
after buying adam's book alice goes straight
to adam's house where she finds him waiting
for her by the door the two make love once
more and afterwards they lie on the floor now
resting ali tells adam that she brought his book
he corrects her saying that it's not his book
is just in it when she comments that it looks
good he simply restores that people died adam
gets up to smoke then starts telling alice what
happened according to adam he lost the whole group
of mountaineers he was with including the woman he
loved francois scala there was no room for error
everything had been checked yet he still doesn't
know what happened he then asks alice if he knows
what it's like over 000 feet and when alice shakes
her head adam stands and snatched his goldfish
from the aquarium adam shows alice the fish as
it struggles to breathe saying that's exactly
how it feels without air the brain cells die once
the brain shut down the rest of the body follows
he then puts the fish back saying that it's
been two years but the feeling doesn't go away
alice then kisses adam before finally confessing
that she lives with someone adam doesn't seems
to mind though and when alice begins putting on
her underwear he tells her not to at home alice
unexpectedly tells jack that she has to leave him
shocked jack walks up to her and hugs her and as
alice cries jack insists that they are perfect
together and that he wants to marry her stiffling
a sob she admits that she met somebody and
while jack tries to keep himself from exploding
all alice could say it is that she didn't mean
to hurt him finally jack lets out his anger and
turns over a small table while alice only listened
to him before working out after heading to adam's
place alice meets his sister deborah she lets
alice know that adam isn't there at the moment
before inviting her inside there deborah explains
that adam's having some work done on his place
so he stayed in her house while she was gone as
she arranges her photos deborah explains adam's
aversion to looking at them alice points to
a woman in one of the pictures asking if it's
fun guys deborah confirms this and tells her that
adam can't look at the photos because it's hard
for him to see francoise while he's a brave guy he
can't get scared of remembering and he forget that
the accident wasn't solely his fault deborah
adds that she was with the mountainers when
the accident happened and that frank wise was her
best friend finally deborah calls alice by name
for the first time and she complains her on her
beauty saying that she can see why adam fell so
hard for her after that alice asked her for adam's
address upon finding adam's place alice rings his
doorbell several times but there is no answer
when adam finally shows up he hugs alice tightly
as she tells him that she left jack she starts
telling adam that he is hurting her but he ignores
this and starts eagerly kissing her as usual
alice return his case ends up against a well and
the two sleep together again the following morning
alice wakes up alone in bed and when she gets out
she sees adam downstairs just coming in with a
woman adam introduces joanna nobel to alice and
joanna informs her that she's a reporter from
the guardian tasks to interview adam about
his himalaya clean up project after
greeting the reporter alice tries
looking for a shirt in adam's closes but finds
it locked adam watches alice going through his
drawer and finding a key only to put it back
finally she settles on the shirt that's on
the chair and when adam's phone rings she informs
him about it adam then tells her to answer
it for him and when she does their nobody on the
other line soon alice tells him that she needs to
go to work and adam kisses her big for asking
her to see him afterwards adam takes alice while
climbing where deborah sees her and helps her put
on her harness as adam gets down from the wall he
gently pulls deborah aside saying he will take it
from there when he finished helping alice with her
harness alice gets introduced to klaus and she
tells him that she liked his book later on alice
meets up with her friend sylvia she disapproves
of alice destroying her and jack's lives by
letting go of a man who loves her just for a good
bang alice tries to defend herself by saying that
when she is with adam everything is just more
as the two leave the bar a man suddenly marks
alice before immediately running away witnessing
the whole thing adam chases the guy and catches
up to him by the telephone booth where she
smashes the mother's head against the glass
and beats him up badly alice and sylvia catch up
to them and alice tells sylvia to call the cops
while she runs to adam telling him to stop
when adam finally relents he embarrasses
alice and kisses her deeply promising her that
that will never happen again and that will never
protect her she sideshocks sylvia but adam and
alice pay her no mind and start working away
out of the blue adam possesses two alice
saying the sooner they get married the
better and alice joyful accepts one day alice
receives a mysterious letter asking her what she
really knows about adam she knows about adam the
telegram and informs him about the call from that
morning saying someone was on the line but they
weren't talking adam says someone is just scaring
her and as he left her in his car he reminds alice
to tell him if anything like that happens again
they then drive to adam's family charged by
the countryside to get married where they
have two strangers as their witnesses after the
ceremony they get dressed at the way station for
hikers where adam takes a picture of alice while
still neck the change into their hiking outfits
and as alice recalls what she did with adam to
celebrate their marriage the person she is telling
her story to is surprised to learn that they went
hiking on their wedding day as they walk in the
wilderness alice quickly gets owned out and sits
down because of that adam promises to give her an
unforgettable honeymoon then teaches her how to
conserve her angry adam then goes ahead leaving
alice by herself since she wants adam to be proud
of her she follows the trail for hours until
she finally reaches his cabin adam makes an anchor
and gives alice a long piece of silk explaining
that the anchor is for catching a falling body
without hesitation alice lets adam wrap the silk
around her neck and hook it on the anchor giving
him control over the body she lets adam decide
when she can and cannot breathe and finally after
making love adam tells her that he loves her alice
continues her story recounting that they returned
to london and joanna noble's article came out
she was happier than she would have ever been
as alice gets home one day she receives another
mysterious letter warning her that marrying adam
was a mistake she quickly calls jack but gets
surprised when sylvia answers the phone sylvia
tells alice that she and jack have been seeing
each other but alice doesn't seem to mind from the
shower adam calls alice and tells her they will be
late so alice ends with the call with sylvia
that's time alice doesn't show adam the letter
they attend a gathering together and alice feels
completely out of place after looking at a picture
of adam with francoise alice goes to the bathroom
where deborah sees her wiping off her lipstick
when deborah asked if she's okay alice tells
her that she has a headache to help her deborah
messages her hand and neck and one she is
better alice thanks her sister-in-law then
deborah asked alice to close her eyes and when
she does deborah puts a necklace around her neck
downstairs klaus proposes a toast of
alice announcing that she has conquered
adam when adam sees alice with his sister
he suddenly gets uncomfortable but hugs them
both anyway while in a meeting alice receives a
call from joanna and informs her that she's just
received a weird note about adam's article alice
receives the note through the facts machine
it's from a woman who claims that adam had defiled
her and she's asking janna to report the truth
alice then receives the continuation of her letter
which shows the name and contact number of the
sender michael store who says that she will reveal
the real story upset alice leaves the office and
goes to michael's place meanwhile adam calls
ali's office and learns that she's just left
posing as joanna alice interviews michael about
the incident michael recounts it to alice saying
she and adam were kissing at a party that time and
before she knew it adam was pulling her into the
bushes and started forcing himself on her until
he overpowered her michael then sarcastically
asked alice if she will write an article about
it adding that they can make some money out of
it however alice tells her it doesn't work that
way especially since she has no roof against
adam later that day alice miss joanna
who is unhappy about what alice did
she tells alice that she could get fired
for her carelessness and alice apologizes
to her alice says she is just really curious but
joanna tells her that curiosity gets people killed
alice resolves that she should trust adam and
the two women prepare to leave meanwhile someone
outside the coffee shop puts out a cigarette the
night alice contemplates how little she knows
about adam she's musing about how everything
she knows about him either came from a book a
newspaper or even shred of information from other
people with a strong desire to know more alice
takes the key that she saw in the drawer the order
day and opens adam closer in there she finds a box
of letters from a woman named adley blanchard
as she reads then alice learns that adam used
to have an affair with a married woman adelie is
telling adam in her letters that she is going back
to her husband and that what they are doing
too dangerous suddenly adam arrives and alice
hurriedly puts back the letter inside the closet
struggling to close it properly when she finally
does alice greets adam as if nothing happened
the following morning adam informs alice that
he called her office the previous day and her
colleague said she was out alice stammers that
she had a doctor's appointment but wasn't able
to leave her meeting skeptical adam asks where
exactly the meeting was held and alice nervously
answers that it was at the hilton though he
remains unconvinced adam apologizes to her for
being noisy he then shows alice her necklace and
asked where she got it from and alice says deborah
gave it to her for a moment there's a trace of
disbelief and uneasiness on adam's face but it
disappears quickly as he smiles saying devorah
has a good taste as adam reads the newspaper alice
tells him about michael stores note and accusation
adam is going to deny it saying it never happened
and that he is not surprised that michael
contacted her adam then apologizes to alice for
having to hear that story and before she could
reply klaus shows up to take adam to a talk show
once they are gone alice goes through adam's dryer
again to find the key to the closet but it isn't
there suddenly she hears the sound of the wind
chime from the front door and she immediately
checks to see if adam is back and she immediately
checks to see if adam is back when she opens
the door alice finds the package on the door
containing a letter that asks her how far she
will let adam go and a long piece of silk with
blood strings similar to the one adam used on her
during their honeymoon alice then quickly calls
the directory inquiries and asks if they have a
listing for adley blanchard on march mott road
posing as joanna again alice goes to atlas house
where atlas mother's greets her alice learns from
her that at least been missing for eight months
and after adl's mother invites her inside she
tells alice that atleast hasn't even contacted her
husband michael then she shows her at this photo
album where she finds adam in one of atl's wedding
pictures adl's mother says her daughter used to
climb with adam all the time but that stopped
two years after she got married she says michael
got fed up with atlas mountain climbing so in the
end adli choose to stop to her horror alice also
sees a naked photo of adley standing beside an
angel statue at the place where they got married
then adley's mother mentioned that adam called her
asking for updates on the investigation when atlas
mother tells alice that adam is also coming
alice immediately excuses herself and leaves
secretly leaving two photos of adley she throwed
away her package before boarding the train while
repeatedly looking behind her that evening alice
is started when she suddenly sees adam in the dark
corner of their house smoking adam then puts on
his cigarette and picks alice up before binding
her on the table alice tries to protest but adam
ignores her and accuses her to being with another
man when alice denies it adam asked her why she
keeps sneaking around and that's when she admits
that she is found at least letters furious adam
goes upstairs to retrieve the letters and starts
throwing them down to alice saying he has nothing
to hide back down alice asks him to untie her but
adam only sits on the floor and cries eliminating
over how she wouldn't be in that position if she
trusted him trying to get adam sympathy alice
says she just wanted to know him more so that she
could love him more while she is crying adam
assures alice that he is hers and that he loves
her so much he can break her neck adam then asks
if she likes what they are doing but she doesn't
answer his question and instead tells him that
she needs to pee after adam unties her alice
escapes his house through the fire exit and adam
quickly goes after her begging her to stop as
she hides from adam alice witnesses how he could
lost his temper over small thing and throw effect
finally it's revealed that the person alice has
been taken to is a senior police officer and she
explains that that's when she came to him she
asked him if they can open adli blanchard's case
but the officer says it's not easy to open a case
like atleast alice restores that adam killed adly
but the officer says she has no proof of that
still determined to have adam arrested alice
tells him that adam forced himself on michael but
the officer currently replies that michael never
reported it the only proof she has is the two
photographs of adley which proves nothing the
officer then shows adam through the double-sided
class telling the officers about alice's escape in
the other interrogation room she hears adam saying
he loves her and the officer tells alice that even
though he believes adam has the potential for
violence he isn't sure if he is murdered after
closing the binds the officer informs alice
that they can only keep adam for a few hours
adding that she's accusing a hero while providing
no evidence with no one to turn to alice asked for
deborah's help to know the truth about adam after
learning from deborah that franz kois was with
someone else alice interferes that frank coy's
left adam so he killed her deborah agrees with her
then she shows alice two different anchors used
in climbing one of which is made of cheap material
she says adam could have switched the anchors
killing francoise and her group finally deborah
advises alice to leave adam for her own good
scared alice tells deborah about adley and gives
her adless pictures alice still thinks that adam
killed her and she must have been be buried at the
location in the picture at st edmunds then alice
asked devorah to come with her to find adelie on
their way to stained admins deborah confesses to
sending alice the notes she knows about adam's
violence and she wants her to get away from him
back at deborah's place adam finds that two photos
of ali and after quickly realizing where alice
is headed she follows her at saint eight months
alice find a body buried in the dirt wearing a
necklace like the one deborah gave her when alice
confronts her about it deborah ominously says
that adley didn't have to die if only she would
told her that she was going back to michael with
a sinner deborah says she gave adley a necklace to
and that she found it beautiful just like alice
did with alice determining to know whatever i
did the two women start fighting and hitting each
other deborah aggressively admits to sleeping with
her brother when they were kids adding that she's
the one who gave him his first place of self
as the struggle deborah yells that adam is hers
and attempts to hit alice with a shovel but adam
shows up and tackles her to the ground alison runs
away and adam hits deborah across the face saying
he was never hers as he starts looking for alice
deborah is about to hit him at the back with
uh shovel but alice shoots her with a flare
gun deborah dies in adam's arms leaving he's
stunning and devastated he confesses
to alice that he and deborah used to
go there together and with a betrayed look
adam says that he thought alice just had to
trust him deborah's body is taken by the cops the
following day and so is adam two years later alice
and adam see each other again at the airport as
he's going up the escalator while she's going down
neither of them says anything but they just
look at each other when adam reaches the top
he stays there for a moment and looks at alice
one last time before walking away meanwhile alice
starts thinking that a flat lander like her can't
live at a high at altitude right where adam is